David was sick.
Absalom saw this
as an opportunity to seize power.
Like his father David,
he had many gifts.
He was born into a wealthy and powerful family.
He turned heads wherever he went,
and he relished the attention.
Men would come to the city gate
so that the king would hear their legal case.
If I were appointed judge in the land, every man
with a legal case or judgment could come to me
and I would see that he receives justice.
You are from the royal house, my lord.
My mother too has royal blood.
It seems that I was born to lead.
But God will do what’s best for his people.
Absalom seemed to be interested
in the people who came to David,
but he was only interested in himself.